Music (00:00):
Of Minnesota, to the hills of Tennessee.

(00:06)
Across the plains of Texas, from sea to shining sea.

(00:13)
From Detroit down to Houston and New York to L.A.

(00:20)
There’s pride in every American heart.

(00:23)
And it’s time we stand and say.

(00:24)
That I’m proud to be an American where at least I know I’m free.

(00:24)
And I won’t forget the men who died who gave that right to me.

(00:24)
And I’d gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today.

(00:31)
‘Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land.

(00:51)
God bless the USA.

(00:51)
Sing it.

(00:51)
And I’m proud to be an American where at least I know I’m free.

(00:52)
And I won’t forget the men who died who gave that right to me.

(00:52)
And I’d gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today.

(00:54)
‘Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land.

(00:54)
God bless the USA.

Donald Trump (02:45):

Lee, thank you very much, really, and thank you, a very big thank you to Pennsylvania, we love Pennsylvania. And as I was saying… Oh, I love that chart, I love that graph. Isn’t it a beautiful thing? But also beautiful because look at the number, that’s the day I left office, it was the lowest border patrol, the lowest it’s ever been. Illegal immigration, today it’s out of control, but I love it for other reasons too, you know that. So thank you very much and thank Lee, and what Lee has done with that song, and it’s such an honor to have it. I want to just let you know that tonight I returned to Butler in the aftermath of tragedy and heartache to deliver a simple message to the people of Pennsylvania and to the people of America.

(03:50)
Our movement to make America great again, stand stronger, prouder, more united, more determined, and nearer to victory than ever before. We’re going to make America great again, going to win the election, going to win the election. And to all Americans, whether you are a Republican, Democrat, Independent, Conservative, or Liberal, or you have no label whatsoever, it makes no difference, our movement, it belongs to you, it belongs to our country, it belongs to our country. And together in just one month, we are going to usher in a new golden age of American security, prosperity, sovereignty, and freedom for our citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed.

(04:40)
Exactly 12 weeks ago this evening, on this very ground, a cold-blooded assassin aimed to silence me and to silence the greatest movement, MAGA, in the history of our country, MAGA. We love MAGA. For 16 harrowing seconds during the gunfire, time stopped as this vicious monster unleashed pure evil from his sniper’s perch, not so far away, but by the hand of providence and the grace of God, that villain did not succeed in his goal, did not come close. He did not stop our movement, he did not break out our spirit. He did not shake our unyielding resolve to save America from evils of poverty, hatred, and destruction. Yet we are here this evening in record numbers, this is a big crowd, this is a big one. This is a big one. Not only to mark the triumph of American spirit but over, and you know that, this is really truly in the truest sense, spirit over evil and adversity, but also to pay tribute to some of the best and bravest we have ever known.

(06:01)
This field is now a monument to the valor of our first responders, to the resilience of our fellow citizens, and to the sacrifice of a loving and devoted father, a really great man, you know that. Forever afterward…

Speaker 1 (06:20):

Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey, Corey…

Donald Trump (06:39):

Forever after, all who have visited this hallowed place will remember what happened here and they will know of the character and courage at so many incredible American Patriots have showed and know, and they know it at a level never seen before probably. First, I want to thank the men and women of the US Secret Service who threw their bodies on top of mine without even a thought for their own lives. They were on top of me so fast, they were on top of me, and there was not even a moment of doubt in their minds. You watch those tapes, not even a moment of doubt, I want to thank Secret Service, great people, they are great people.

(07:25)
And in that moment, those agents displayed a devotion to duty that cannot be described, and they did it yet again, less than three weeks ago when they really did a fantastic job, another attempt, there was another attempt. We have an evil world, we have a very sick world. My gratitude to them is beyond measure. We also owe a tremendous debt thanks to the Secret Service Counter Sniper and a local police sniper who returned fire within seconds and stopped the shooter quickly and saved many lives. If he didn’t stop, he saved many lives, he had a lot of bullets, a lot of ammunition up there with him. And we are… Just amazing when you think they did it so quickly without any knowledge of what was going on, boom. And had that not happened, it would’ve been a very different story, it would’ve been many, many, potentially many, many people.

(08:26)
I also want to express our thanks to the Butler Township Police Department, credible people. The Butler, Sheriff’s deputies, Pennsylvania State Police, and all of the other law enforcement heroes, as well as the emergency personnel and doctors, the medical teams at Butler Memorial Hospital, Allegheny General Hospital, who rushed me and rushed some of these very badly people. They were wounded, a lot of badly wounded people, and in particular, two people, two people. And I tell you, they were very brave and great people, they were big Trump fans and they still are. That means something, that was pretty amazing.

(09:15)
When I got up, I asked whether or not anybody was killed. I assumed that there would be a lot because I heard the bullets winging right over my head. They said probably three, the doctors did such an incredible job. It was one, one great gentleman, but the other two have been amazing actually, they’ve gone through a lot. And when the crisis struck, they did really Pennsylvania proud. You’ve heard that expression, Pennsylvania proud, it’s a great place. I went to school, I went to college in Pennsylvania, it’s a great place, the people are incredible.

(09:53)
Also, and I have to say, after returning to the field, tonight is one of the really brave Americans who was hit by the assassin’s Bullet, US Marine Veteran David Dutch. David, thank you. Thank you David. Thank you David. And David, we’re thrilled to see your recovery is going well. Great doctors up here, I have to tell you, great doctors. Your courage is really an inspiration to us, so I want to thank you very much, David. Great gentleman, great, great gentleman. I want to send our love to someone who could not be here because he has just undergone a major surgery related to the shooting, a man who was really badly wounded like David, James Copenhaver.

(10:49)
Because James was a wonderful man, a big Trump fan, and Mr. Copenhaver is out there watching us right now, but he’s in a hospital where they did some additional work, but he’s in great shape. He wanted to be here so badly, but he’s in great shape and we appreciate it and we’re looking to his full and complete recovery, he will have a complete recovery. Thank you. Thank you very much. And of course there’s one more hero who could not make it back here tonight because he is no longer with us, right? You know who that is, right? Corey, our beautiful Corey. Corey is not with us tonight, and he should be, and we all miss him, he’s become somewhat of a folk hero. I have to tell you who is with us, is his beautiful wife, and daughters, and relatives, sister. Please, where are you? Where are they sitting? There they are. There’s just a lot of people, it’s not easy to find people in this audience. Goes back further than you can see. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Great family, great incredible family, and he loved you a lot. And his wife said something very beautiful. The public, a lot of people, all of us, a lot of people have been very generous, and she said, “I’d rather have my husband.” That’s a good thing to say, that’s a good thing to say. “I’d rather have my husband.”

(12:51)
Corey Comperatore was a incredible husband and father, a devout Christian, a veteran, and a proud former fire chief. Very respected within the town, everybody knew him. Few men volunteered to run into fires, but Corey was one of those who did, he ran into fires. I spoke to people that were with… This guy would do anything. He was brave, right? Brave guy like you, and he was also a protector who put his life line for others and he loved doing it. And when the sound of gunshots pierced the air on that July evening, Corey leapt into the fire one more time. In his last seconds of this earth, he threw himself on the top of his wife and daughters, he didn’t want them hurt. He threw himself, he knew what was happening, he didn’t want them hurt, and he was hit hard, he was hit hard, and he gave his life to shield their lives.

(13:55)
Every father and husband in America hopes that if the time came, we would have what Corey had, tremendous courage, tremendous guts, and he wanted to protect his family, and he did protect his family. At this time it is 6:11, 12 weeks to the minute that the shooting began. I would like to ask everyone to join me in a moment of silence.

Music (14:20):

(Singing).

Donald Trump (17:23):

Wow. Now that is what you call a voice. One of the greatest opera singers in the world, and Christopher Macchio, who’s truly a great talent, is going to be back when I leave and I’m going to stay backstage watching every song he’s going to sing, three or four great songs, Nessun dorma and others. And so I wouldn’t leave you seat too fast when we’re finished today, but this is in honor of three great people, actually three great and in particular, Corey, and we appreciate it. But that is a real voice, isn’t it, huh? What do you think, Mr. future vice President, pretty good, right? I don’t know if you could do that JD, I don’t know. I don’t think JD can do that.

(18:12)
In the face of murderous hate, Corey answered, the most selfless kind of love. We are joined this evening by Corey’s incredible widow, Helen, his two precious daughters, Kaylee and Allyson. And his sisters, Kelly and Dawn, thank you so much. Thank you so much, this is an incredible tribute. This is a tribute like no other, and he deserves it. To Helen and the entire family, I can only begin to imagine the depths of your grief, but I want you to know that just like you, we will carry his memory in our hearts for as long as we live.

(18:49)
Everybody in this stadium and everybody that was there on that tragic evening, we are thinking about Corey, we think about him a lot, and I know he’s looking down on us right now from heaven smiling at his beloved wife and daughters, and his mother, Karen, and his entire family, his entire family. And he’s with you and he’s going to be with us for a long time because some people just don’t die in vain, and what he’s left behind is incredible, and so God bless you, Corey, God bless you, thank you very much, god bless you.

(19:34)
Just one little story. Helen told me that on the day that they came to the rally, Corey was really excited because somebody gave them great seats right up front here with the people from North Carolina, the ladies from North Carolina. This is their 227th rally, I don’t know what’s going on with them, those beautiful ladies, but they always seem to have good seats. But Corey had the best seat in the house, and he was telling his wife and family on the way over in the car, he said, “I’m telling you, he’s going to invite me up on the stage.” Because I do that sometimes, I take people, we invite them up in the stage.

(20:14)
And she smiled thinking it’ll never happen. And little did anyone realize that Corey would be on the stage three months later in an almost immortal position, and that’s where he is today. He’s on the stage in a, I think in not almost, I think it’s a truly immortal position. So the love that he showed on that day and throughout his life is the love that sustains the entire movement. The love that our families have, and it’s love of our communities and love of our country, it’s a force more powerful than any hatred and malice because even in the darkest hours it shines forth as a guide and it guides us like nothing could ever guide us. It guides us really like a candle in the night. And so it’s love Corey’s that is joining us to save our country, that’s going to heal our country, and that is going to reunite our country as one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

(21:20)
So what our opponents have never understood is that this movement has never been about me, it’s always been about you, it’s been about a lot of people, millions and millions of people, the biggest ever in the history of this country may be anywhere. And everyday people who are the heart and soul of our country, they love our movement, they love our country, and they know they’re doing right. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day. And now I have a great companion in JD Vance, how good was he the other night? How good? He was great.

Speaker 1 (22:07):

JD, JD, JD, JD, JD, JD, JD, JD, JD.

Donald Trump (22:18):

He was great. But from the very beginning of this journey, I’ve been on a mission to rescue our country from a failed and very corrupt political establishment, very corrupt. We have to change it, we have to change it. We need also a very free and open press and to give it back to the country you believe in, and I believe in, it’s a country that we were born in and the country that you deserve, you deserve this.

(22:45)
And that mission, I will never quit, I will never bend, I will never break, I will never yield, not even in the face of death itself. And I believe that every citizen deserves an America with a very, very grand ambition, great opportunities, and limitless, we just want limitless potential. We want an America where you can get ahead and be proud of life and provide for your family in a really decent way, where we don’t have crime, we have a fabulous military to protect us from evil. Everything has to be the best, we have to have the best schools. We have to have strong borders, we don’t want bad people coming in and hurting us. We don’t want to have open borders, do we?

(23:38)
You deserve a government that protects and respects its own citizens, that defends your sovereignty, your security, and your dignity and your freedom. You deserve A nation that builds things again, makes things better, that aims for the stars once more, and that once again commands respect. And we want to get respect like we had it four years ago, the entire world respected us, they respected us. They respected us more than they’ve ever respected us, and now they laugh at us.

(24:12)
We can’t have them laugh at us, can we? Above all, you deserve leadership in Washington that does not answer to the lobbyists, to the bureaucrats, or to the corrupt special interest, but answers only to you, the hardworking citizens of America, which there are a lot of them, we have a lot of them. We have a lot of them. Over the past eight years, those who want to stop us from achieving this future have slandered me, impeached me, indicted me, tried to throw me off the ballot, and who knows, maybe even tried to kill me, but I’ve never stopped fighting for you, and I never will, never will. Never going to stop. Thank you. Thank you. And in turn, you have always stood with me. You have always stood with me. No matter what, you saw what was going on, you saw the hoaxes and the scams, you saw everything that went on. We are a team, we’re a great team I think. We’re probably the best team ever in the history of our country if you really think about it. We fought together, we have endured together, we have pushed onward together, and right here in Pennsylvania, we have bled together, we bled. We’ve had three people that really got hit hard, two of them made it, great doctors, great doctors. They weren’t supposed to make it, I wasn’t supposed to make it.

(25:49)
My great doctor at Butler said, “Sir, you’re the luckiest man alive. This would be a good time for you to go out and buy a lottery ticket. I’ve never seen anything like… ” I almost went out and bought a lottery ticket, I’ll take it. And 31 days from now here in this great commonwealth and all across our land, we are going to win together, we are going to vote together, we’re going to win the greatest election in the history of our country, maybe the greatest election all time. After we all have been through all of this together, nobody’s gone through what we’ve gone through, nobody. Because I go through it, you’re going through it too, but there’s never been anything like this. I always say there’s an enemy from within and there’s an outside enemy, and if you’re smart, the outside enemy is not going to be a problem. Russia, China, and North Korea, we’re not going to have a problem if you have a smart president. If you have not such a smart president, then it’s a problem, but we have an enemy from within, which I think is much more dangerous than the outside enemy.

(27:10)
We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country, we can make these the four greatest years. We’ll turn it around so fast that your head will spin. With victory on November 5th, we are going to redeem America’s promise and unlock the extraordinary future that is just within our reach, it is now within our reach. Think of it one month from today, one month. We got to get there, we got to get there. They’ll drop all sorts of bombs, they’ll be hitting you JD, they’ll be hitting me. These people, they’ll hit and hit, but I think we’ve almost become immune to it, haven’t we? We’ve become immune to it, you got a little dose of it, couple of little doses. No, that’s, that’s the only way they can even think about winning with open borders.

(28:08)
Who wants open borders? Who wants men playing in women’s sports? Who wants sex change operations for illegal aliens in holding bins? No, I don’t think so. We will begin a new era of soaring income, skyrocketing wealth, millions and millions of new jobs, and a booming middle class. We are going to boom like we’ve never boomed before, and we’re going to unleash a manufacturing renaissance right here in Pennsylvania, including fracking like we’ve never fracked before. We’re going to frack, frack frack. Our opponent said, “There’ll be no fracking, no fracking, we’ll never frack, we’ll never frack.” Then when she started

Donald Trump (29:00):

We’re seeing poll numbers, by the way. And by the way, speaking of poll numbers, do you mind if I mentioned poll numbers? Because I only mentioned them when they’re good. I’d never mentioned it. But one that’s hit me really amazingly, Rasmussen, very highly respected poll. JD just came out. I don’t think you heard this one, but this is a shocker. They always say the Democrats will win the Hispanic vote, but we’ve been creeping up rather rapidly. And Rasmussen is one of the most respected polls. I mean, Republicans would get 4, 5, 6, 9, 10%. They just came out with a poll, 62% for Trump. Think of that. Think of that.

(29:40)
And 34% for Kamala. I don’t usually use her last name. Nobody knows who I’m talking about. I go, “Harris, Harris.” They say, “Who’s Harris?” It’s happening all the time. Who’s Harris? And we can’t find out who she is because if we do, our country is going to be in big trouble. We will live in a very beautiful city or town that are safe and clean with borders that are sealed and secure.

(30:18)
And again, we want people to come into our country. We all want that. We need that. But you know what? We want it to come in legally. They’re going to come in legally and love for our country. And America will once again be strong, and confident, and free. We’re going to have that. We’re going to have it strong, confident, and free. That’s why I’m here today. I could right now be having a beautiful life. I don’t have to be here. Instead, I could be on a gorgeous beach someplace. I have such nice property.

(30:52)
I could be be in Monte Carlo as an example, but I’d rather be in Butler with you. I would rather. I’d rather be in Butler. And I think JD would rather be in Butler. JD?

Audience (31:23):

We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you

Donald Trump (31:23):

No, I’d rather be here because we’re doing something. They get a lot of rich guys that go, “Nobody cares about him.”

Audience (31:29):

We love you.

Donald Trump (31:30):

I had one about a month ago, very, very rich guy, and he called me up. He said, “President…” I’ve known him for a long time. I don’t say how long because I don’t want my wife to hear that number. It’s a long time. But he’s very successful. And he said to me, “Sir, could you do me a favor?” Guy is worth billions of dollars. He said, “Could you do me a favor? I can’t get into a restaurant. Do you think you could call them to get me in?” And I said, “What the hell is the good of being rich if you can’t get into a restaurant?”

(31:59)
And I called the maitre D, “Hi,” I’m a little embarrassed, “Hi, this is Donald Trump.” “I recognize your voice.” I said, “Would you do me a favor? A friend of mine is online about a mile back. This is a very successful restaurant. And he’s got his wife.” I describe the wife. “Could you possibly go get them? Could you go get them and bring them in?” And he did. And my friend called me up the next day. He said, “Thank you very much. Thank you.”

Audience (32:23):

[inaudible 00:32:25].

Donald Trump (32:25):

Oh. Doctor, please? Doctor, in the house? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, doctor.

Audience (32:32):

[inaudible 00:32:34].

Donald Trump (32:35):

Yeah, thank you.

Audience (32:36):

[inaudible 00:32:36] We love you.

Donald Trump (32:38):

Take your time, doctor please. We got plenty of time, right?

Audience (32:40):

Yeah.

Donald Trump (32:40):

We got a lot of time.

Audience (32:40):

[inaudible 00:32:50]

(32:40)
We love you.

(32:40)
[inaudible 00:32:52]

(32:40)
We love you, Donald.

Donald Trump (32:55):

You’re doing okay?

Audience (32:55):

[inaudible 00:32:59].

Donald Trump (33:01):

Take your time.

Audience (33:02):

We love everybody.

Donald Trump (33:06):

We’ve got to protect our people, right? Take your time.

Audience (33:09):

[inaudible 00:33:18]

Donald Trump (33:27):

It’s all right, doctor. Go ahead. That’s all right. That’s all right. People come out two, three days ago and then they get… It’s an amazing thing. It’s an amazing thing. We appreciate… Everybody appreciates it. Yep. Take your time. That’s great. That’s great.

Audience (34:09):

[inaudible 00:33:53] Love you, Donald.

(34:10)
[inaudible 00:34:10]

Donald Trump (34:10):

Do we have the greatest people in the world? We have the greatest people in the world. First responders, thank you very much.

Audience (34:19):

[inaudible 00:34:23]

(34:19)
Love you, Donald.

(34:19)
[inaudible 00:34:55].

(34:19)
Say, can you see.

(34:19)
By the dawn’s early light.

(34:19)
What so proudly we hailed.

(34:19)
At the twilight’s last gleaming?

(34:19)
Whose broad stripes and bright stars.

(34:19)
Through the perilous fight.

(34:19)
O’er the ramparts we watched.

(34:19)
Were so gallantly, yeah, streaming.

(34:19)
And the rockets’ red glare.

(34:19)
The bombs bursting in air.

(34:19)
Gave proof through the night.

(34:19)
That our flag was still there.

(34:19)
Fight, fight, fight.

(34:19)
O say, does that star-spangled banner yet wave.

(34:19)
O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.

(34:19)
[inaudible 00:36:15].

(34:19)
USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA.

(34:19)
Vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump

Donald Trump (34:19):

Thank you.

Audience (34:19):

Vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump, vote for Trump. [inaudible 00:37:11]

(34:19)
We love you, Donald.

(34:19)
[inaudible 00:37:34]

(34:19)
We love you, Donald Trump.

(34:19)
[inaudible 00:37:37]

(34:19)
We love you, Trump.

(34:19)
[inaudible 00:37:45]

Donald Trump (38:29):

Thank you, doctor. Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you all. Fellas, thank you. First responders, thank you very much.

Audience (38:35):

[inaudible 00:38:42]

Donald Trump (38:45):

People are here for a long time and we appreciate it very much. And so sometimes that happens. A lot of times that happens actually. But you’ll be great, you watch. So 12 weeks ago, we all took a bullet for America and all we are all asking is that everyone goes out and votes. We got to win. We can’t let this happen to our country. We can’t take another four years like this. We won’t have a country left. We’re not going to have a country left. And all of this will be for nothing if you don’t get out and vote. It will all be for nothing. We will have talked about it. And if we do it’ll be the greatest achievement, I think in the history of politics for all of us for this age because we’re going to change our country around and fast.

(39:28)
We’re going to do things that nobody thought were possible. We’re going to do them fast. So Pennsylvania’s time to stand up for America and time to save our country. This is really about saving our country. It’s never been like this. When you look at the crime, look at the crime, look at the people that are coming in. Murderers. 13,099 murderers led in over the last short period of time.

(39:54)
Murderers that have been released from penitentiaries, prisons, jails released into our country. Crime rates all over the world are down. They’re taking their gang members and their criminals. They’re taking their people in jail and they’re releasing them into our country. We can’t have it. We just can’t have it. How do you get more simple than that? They’re releasing murderers. They’re releasing drug dealers. They’re releasing gang members and criminals. Human traffickers. Mostly they traffic in women and they’re releasing them all into our country, and they’re emptying their jails. And their crime rates in Venezuela are way down because… But it’s not only in South America, it’s all over the world. And Africa, the Congo.

(40:43)
A lot of people coming out of the Congo in Africa. They’re coming out from Asia. They’re coming out from the Middle East, Yemen. They’re coming out from Yemen. A lot of people coming out of Yemen, and they’re known terrorists, and they just release them into our country from countries unknown also. They know nothing about the people. They’ll go right in. These people are crazy. And we have to win. We’ll stop it immediately and we’ll have to… Look, it will be a big deportation.

(41:15)
We’re going to deport these people. We’re going to get them out of our country immediately. Or we won’t have a country. And if we win Pennsylvania, we will win the whole thing. The whole thing will be won. So for the sake of our families, for the sake of our children, we will keep on going. And as the expression goes, I mean, I’m a little embarrassed to say it, to be honest you, but I’m going to say it because a lot of people do say it, we will fight, fight, fight.

Audience (41:45):

Fight, fight, fight.

Donald Trump (41:47):

Going to fight for our country.

Audience (41:50):

Fight, fight, fight, fight.

Donald Trump (41:51):

We’re going to fight for our country.

Audience (41:51):

Fight, fight, fight, fight.

Donald Trump (41:53):

And together we will save this country. We will restore the republic and America’s future will be bigger, better, bolder, brighter, happier, stronger, freer and greater and more united than ever before. Our country will be united. You’ll watch, you’ll watch. We had the most successful country ever, maybe in the world during my term. We are the greatest economy that we’ve ever had. And you know what was happening? We were uniting the other side, radical left. People were coming over. They wanted to meet. They were coming over. Women, men. If you look at population, our black population, our Hispanic population, our Asian population, everybody was doing better.

(42:38)
People that went to the best schools and best colleges in the world got the highest marks. And people that couldn’t get a high school degree, everybody was doing better. And our country was coming together. And then we got hit with COVID, a gift from China. Some people would call it the China virus. And we did a great job on that too. We did a great job. But the world was disturbed.

(43:00)
$60 trillion in damage worldwide. Tens of millions of people killed, and we still during this four-year period, we had the greatest economy. One of the great countries of the world. And we left with the stock market that was higher than it was just prior to COVID coming in. So what we did was something really incredible. But we had the greatest, most successful country ever. We had the greatest economy in our history and we’re going to do it again. And maybe even better. We learned a lot. We learned a lot about people and about doing things, and what works, and what doesn’t work. And we’re going to do it. And it’s going to be quick. It’s going to be quick.

(43:42)
We’re going to have safe cities, and we’re going to have great cities again. And we’re going to have a capital in Washington, DC which is right now crime-ridden. You leave from the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, you go drive down to Washington DC and you drive down and you end up getting murdered. You end up getting hurt, you get mugged. We are going to straighten out Washington DC. We’re going to make it again, the most beautiful capital in the world.

(44:09)
We’re not going to have graffiti. We’re not going to have graffiti on our marble columns. We’re not going to have roads that have potholes all over them and medians that are falling into the highways. We’re going to run it properly. We’re going to change it. We’re going to run it properly. It’s an embarrassment to us. Can you imagine foreign leaders coming in and running over roads that haven’t been paved in years? We’re honored to be joined tonight by one of the people who is going to help us build this incredible future. And he is a truly incredible guy. And I don’t say that that often.

(44:48)
He’s a great gentleman. He’s done such an unbelievable job for North Carolina, for Georgia, for Alabama, for Florida, for Tennessee. His name is Elon Musk. He saved free speech. He created so many different great things. Where is he? Come on up here, Elon. He created the first major American car company in generations. And his rocket company is the only reason we can now send American astronauts into space. Come here. Take over, Elon. Yes, take over.

Elon Musk (45:33):

Hi, everyone. As you can see, I’m not just MAGA, I’m dark MAGA. Well, first of all, I want to say what an honor it is to be here. And the true test of someone’s character is how they behave under fire. We had one president who couldn’t climb a flight of stairs and another who was fist pumping after getting shot. Fight, fight, fight. Blood coming down the face.

Audience (46:16):

Fight, fight, fight, fight.

Elon Musk (46:17):

Now America is the home of the brave. And there’s no true test than courage under fire. So who do you want representing America?

Audience (46:33):

Trump.

Elon Musk (46:35):

Yeah, absolutely. And I think this election, I think it’s the most important election of our lifetime. This is no ordinary election. The other side wants to take away your freedom of speech. They want to take away your right to bear arms. They want to take away your right to vote effectively. You got 14 states now that don’t require voter ID. California, where I used to live, just passed the law, banning voter ID for voting. I still can’t believe that’s real. So how you supposed to have a good proper election, if there’s no ID. It’s just meaningless. And free speech, free speech is the bedrock of democracy. And if people don’t know what’s going on, if they don’t know the truth, how can you make an informed vote? You must have free speech in order to have democracy. That’s why it’s the First Amendment. And the Second Amendment is there to ensure that we have the First Amendment. President Trump must win to preserve the constitution. He must win to preserve democracy in America.

Audience (48:27):

We want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump, we want Trump..

Elon Musk (48:38):

This is a must-win situation, must win. So I have one ask for everyone in the audience, everyone who watches this video, everyone in the live stream, there’s one request. It’s very important. Register to vote. Okay? And get everyone you know, and everyone you don’t know, you drag them to register to vote. There’s only two days left to register to vote in Georgia and Arizona. 48 hours. Text people now, now. And then make sure they actually do vote.

(49:22)
If they don’t, this will be the last election. That’s my prediction. Nothing is more important. Nothing is more important. So get everyone you know. So I’m speaking to people out there. Everyone in the crowd I think is already convinced. But for people out there that are watching the video, watching the live stream, you need to get everyone at work, your friends, family, text groups, your social media, everything, get them to register to vote right now. Only two days left for Georgia and Arizona. Only a couple of weeks left in Pennsylvania. And if they’re not registered to vote, it doesn’t matter at that point. Register to vote. I’m being repetitive for a reason. So nothing is more important. And a lot of people think maybe their vote doesn’t count. Well, it does. Okay? It does. It matters. And this election could be decided by a thousand votes, 500 votes, a tiny margin. So get everyone you know to register to vote. I believe it’s swampthevote.com. I believe that’s the site. Double check that your registration is good. Don’t take it for granted.

(50:42)
I’m just being repetitive about this point because it is the one takeaway more than anything that will matter is getting those registrations and then getting everyone you know to actually vote. That is what we’ll decide this election, especially in Pennsylvania. So thank you. And honestly, you want to just be a pest. Just be a pest to everyone you know. People on the street, everywhere. Vote, vote, vote. Fight, fight, fight. Vote, vote, vote. Thank you.

Donald Trump (51:41):

What a great guy. And he’d rather be making rocket ships because he’d really rather do that. Nobody better. I think he’s got 90% of the rockets that go up. But Elon, thank you very much. Incredible, incredible. What he says is true. What he says is true. We’re all having fun here tonight. But if we don’t register and if we don’t vote, we’re just going to look upon this as another sort of nice day in our life. But it won’t even be a nice day. We’re going to look back and we’re going to say, “Wow, it’s a lot of time, a lot of effort. We got to win.” If we don’t win, it’s as he said, it’s just not important. We have to save our country. So you have to get out and vote. You got to get out and vote. You got to get your friends and vote because they play a lot of tricks this particular other side.

(52:26)
Elon is a very nice guy. He doesn’t want to say it, but they play a lot of tricks. We can’t let it happen. We can’t let it happen again. We can’t let it happen. And one thing, they showed us how bad they are, they showed us how bad a job they do. So that’s one thing we got from this four years. They’ve done the worst job. It’s the worst president in the history of our country. It’s the worst vice president in the history of our country. And if you watched over the last couple of days, they are doing… This is a Katrina for them.

(52:54)
This is one of the worst. They say it’s the worst job ever done on helping people through the ravages of a hurricane. And they’re watching… She’s out there, out there campaigning in San Francisco, a place that she ruined. Okay? She ruined. She ruined San Francisco. She ruined… Think of this. She ruined San Francisco. She was the worst DA. And she ruined the state of California, and now she wants to ruin the United States of America. We can’t let her do it.

(53:23)
So I called Elon to tell him that they needed Starlink as an example. They couldn’t get Starlink. I didn’t know what Starlink was. I must tell you. Elon, I’m so embarrassed. I didn’t know what the hell Starlink was. He loves Starlink. He can tell you every little screw that’s needed, every wire. Me, I didn’t know. But when I was in North Carolina and Georgia just the other day, yesterday to be exact, but they were saying, we have tremendous communications especially in North Carolina. And we have tremendous problems. We have no communication. The poles were ripped down, the wires were underwater, houses were destroyed.

(54:06)
Possibly a thousand people. Maybe more will be. There’s 600 people missing. Missing is not good. Because you know what missing means generally. That’s really bad. And they had no communication. They had literally no communication with, they called it the mainland because the water was so crazy. It was like they were in the middle of a lake and they’d never seen anything like it. And they said, “Do you know somebody named Elon Musk?” I said, “Yeah, I happened to know him a little bit. He just endorsed me actually.”

(54:33)
Well, he endorsed me a long time ago, but he still… To me, every day is a good endorsement from Elon. Nobody is smarter than Elon. And they said, “Could you do us a favor? Could you help us? We’re trying to get Starlink and it’s very hard to get. Most people say, you can’t even get it.” I called up Elon. I said, “North Carolina is in big trouble. Georgia is in big trouble. They need communication. They have none because their poles have been knocked down and their wires are underwater and even dangerous. dangerously underwater. But they have no communication. Elon, could you do something about Starlink? Whatever the hell that is, Elon. Whatever, Starlink. That’s all they want to hear is Starlink.”

(55:12)
And an amazing thing happened. I got a call from one of the top people in North Carolina. I got a call from another great person in Georgia. And I wasn’t finished with my phone call yet, and they got word that Starlink would be delivered to the States. No. And I said, “What the hell is he… What kind of a system is that? Normally you’d have to hang up and he’d go and call people.” He did it during the phone call. What kind of a system do you have? That’s why he’s a very advanced, he is a very advanced person, but I want to thank you, Elon because I got it. And I said, “How does it work? Two days later, how does it work?” They said, “Much better than the wires.”

(55:55)
So now I’m saying, “Why the hell are they… You’re going to come out very well anyway.” And he also said, “You don’t have to pay me. You pay someday when you get the money back. You don’t have to pay me.” He wanted nothing. He’s a great guy. Thank you, Elon, for being here. Thank you very much. Great honor, great honor.

Audience (56:12):

[inaudible 00:56:13] Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon, Elon.

Donald Trump (56:31):

Thank you, Elon. And that’s heartfelt. I can’t even see the end. That’s a lot of people here today. We’re also joined by a great gentleman, a top, top, brilliant student. He went to a tremendous college and he graduated right at the top of his class in two years. I didn’t know you could do, that’s four-year college. Then he went to the military then he came out and he did fantastically inside the military. Then he came out, he went to Yale without the benefit of family ties. You know what that means? Right? That’s pretty good without family ties. I don’t know too many of those people. They had no family ties. He got in. He can’t get in, and he graduated along with his wife. They’re not going to have any problems with your kids academically. I can tell you.

(57:18)
His wife and him were like the top students in the class. But he went to Yale Law School and then he went out into the private sector, did great. Then he ran for the senate and he did fantastically. He won. And he’s like a rocket ship. He’s like one of Elon’s rocket ships the way his career is going. But you see why? Because he’s a really brilliant guy. And you saw that the other night in the debate. Right? You saw that the other night in the debate. You know the expression they have? If that were a fight, they would’ve stopped it. Right?

(57:52)
So I just want to thank JD. I was always confident in that pick. And we had great people too, JD. Every

Donald Trump (58:00):

Every one of those guys were great. Every one of them would have done a great job. It was amazing. But we appreciate the job you’re doing. He’s also very energetic, and he’ll go on anywhere. He’ll go on MSDNC. I say, “Oh, he’s done that.” He’ll go on CNN. He has no problem. He swats them like this. He has no problem. No, it’s true. Other people say, “Sir, I’d rather not do that one. I’d rather not do that one, sir. I’d rather not do them,” because they are very … With him, he doesn’t care. He says, “They’re not going to outsmart me.” So I want to thank JD. You’ve done a great job. Thank you very much. Amazing. Great.

(58:52)
We have a lot of senators and a lot of people from Congress. I’m going to introduce a few of them that are really outstanding, and they are warriors. They’re great Patriots. Senator Eric Schmitt. Where’s Eric Schmitt? He’s around here someplace. Nice, tall, handsome guy. Thank you, Eric. What a great job you’ve done. He helps us so much with the Senate, and we’ve got a great Senate. We have to get a couple of more senators elected. I think it’s going to happen, too. I think it’s going to happen.

(59:23)
We have members of Congress here, Dan Meuser. Dan? Where’s Dan? Great, great job. Real warrior. These are warriors. Guy Reschenthaler. That’s the hardest name in the Senate to pronounce, but I’ve learned how to pronounce it. Guy, thank you very much. Great. Where’s Guy? Guy? Thank you very much, Guy? Glenn GT Thompson. Fantastic guy. Thanks, Glenn. Great job. John Joyce. Thank you, John. Great. Cory Mills. He’s out there fighting, too. He’s out there. He is out there in North Carolina, Georgia. He’s out there helping people.

(01:00:05)
Mike Waltz, who’s a tremendous national security asset. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Okay. And a man who was my doctor, I got to know him as a doctor in the White House. And then before that, he was actually an admiral. And then he went to the White House. He was a great admiral. He was a great doctor, and I love him for one reason. They asked him in the White House. The press, the fake news media said, “Who is the most …” He was the doctor for Obama, Bush, and Trump. That’s pretty good, right? White House doctor for the three of us.

(01:00:42)
He said, the press, “Who is the healthiest of the three?” He said, “Definitely, it’s Donald Trump. There’s not even a contest.” I love that guy. JD, when he said that, I said, “I like this guy.” So then “You know, sir?” He was leaving the White House. He said, “I’d love to run for Congress.” He ran against 28 people. They were all running for the Republican primary because whoever won that primary is going to win. I think it’s a Trump plus 48. Whoever wins gets 48-point start.

(01:01:17)
Not only did he win, he won easily, and now he’s one of the most popular people in Congress and one of the most talented, maybe more importantly. Ronny Jackson. Ronny? Where is Ronny? Where is you? Oh, good. Thank you, Ronny. You got a lot of talent surrounding you there. I think it’s very important, also. We’re here for a reason, and that’s to win and to honor Corey, but Corey wants us to win, too.

(01:01:45)
There’s a man in the audience that’s been very much a career path a little bit like JD, great student, great, talented student, and fantastic in the military, then went out to be a tremendous success, one of the most successful people on Wall Street, actually. He’s tough, and he’s smart. He’s going to make sure you always have fracking in Pennsylvania, and he’s going to make sure you have many other things other than fracking.

(01:02:10)
You have a senator that now does nothing. He does nothing, and he doesn’t fight for you. He votes with Biden, if you can believe it, 100% of the time. We’re lucky that he does it. I don’t know. He might not have done it if he had it to do again. I don’t know. But I think he’s just one of the most outstanding people anywhere in the country to run for office, and we’re lucky that he’s doing it. He’s got a real shot. He’s doing very well in the polls.

(01:02:37)
It’s hard to beat somebody that’s been there a long time, but this is somebody that’s been there a long time and did nothing. He did nothing. His name is David McCormick, and he’s great. I hope he’s going to be your next senator. I see somebody else. I didn’t know he was here. Mike Kelly. I see Mike Kelly here. Stand up. Oh, boy, am I lucky. Am I lucky I spotted him. If I didn’t spot you, Mike, I was in big trouble, right? This is a man who’s beloved in this state, and he’s fantastic. So thank you, Mike. Thank you.

(01:03:18)
We also have some terrific people from law enforcement, Butler County Sheriff Mike Slupe. Thank you, Mike. Great job. Thank you. Thank you, Mike. Thank you for your help, too. I could tell you. Thank you for your help. I can say that. Thank you very much. Butler County Commissioner Leslie Osche. Leslie, thank you. Thank you, Leslie. Great job. RNC Chairman Michael Whatley, this guy is doing a great job. He’s doing great. Came from North Carolina. We won North Carolina.

(01:03:56)
He kept their cheating down to a minimum, and we were able to win it. We were solid all night long. He’s great, but if we don’t have good results by the 6th of November, I will never say that about him again. No, he’s a great guy. He’s working very hard. 24 hours a day, he’s working. I know that. He’s working mostly on Stop the Steal because we have a lot of votes. We have plenty of votes. Stop the Steal. That’s why you’ve got to get out. You’ve got to get out and vote. We’re going to win this thing.

(01:04:25)
The more we win it, it’s too big to rig, the expression we use. Make it too big to rig. Elon would understand this better than anybody. Statistically, at a certain point, their cheating doesn’t matter. We want to make it too big to rig. We also have somebody that’s very special, the co-chair of the Republican Party, Lara Trump. Thank you. Lara, thanks.

(01:04:57)
Oftentimes with families, they say, “Oh, why did you put that one in or this one in?” All the different people, so many people have problems with that. In her case, everyone said, “How the hell did you get her to do it? She has been unbelievable.” So thank you very much. Comes from North Carolina, and I have a feeling she’s going to be spending some time down there a little bit. She’s married to my wonderful son, Eric, who’s right here. So, Eric, please stand up. He’s a great guy.

(01:05:33)
Eric has a distinction. He has gotten more subpoenas than any man in the history of our country by about 10 times. Every day Congress would meet, they’d send him a subpoena. What is it about? They have no idea. But I think he’s got the all-time record, and he’s handled it all beautifully. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. A friend of mine, a great, great businessman, one of the most respected people, and he made a big, big contribution yesterday to Georgia and a big contribution to North Carolina. Steve Witkoff is here. Hi, Steve. Thanks.

(01:06:08)
Another man who’s one of the greatest businessmen in the country, he actually said that, “If Trump doesn’t win, this country is going to go into a massive depression.” Well, I don’t know about that, but he has been a very good predictor, I will say that, and truly one of the greats, one of the great pickers, picker meaning stocks. He knows what he’s doing and highly respected by everybody. John Paulson. Thank you, John. Great. Great guy.

(01:06:37)
Now, we have so many others, and I won’t do it because we have to really get out of here before it gets too cold for people, but I just … I love it much better because there’s one teleprompter, not that I use the teleprompters too much. Isn’t it nice to have a president that doesn’t need a teleprompter? No, we don’t want it. We don’t need it. But this one was right smack in the sun. Great job back there, fellas. They said, “The teleprompters are working fine.” Well, thank goodness.

(01:07:10)
Did you see what happened the other day with the teleprompter with her? That was not a pretty sight. The teleprompter went off, and she went off, too. She didn’t know what the hell happened. Teleprompters are very dangerous because they go off a lot. You have to be prepared for them to go off, cold blank. You’ll have 100,000 people. You have 75,000 people. You have this. If the teleprompter goes off, you got to be able to move. She did not move well. This was not a good situation.

(01:07:39)
But three more heroes from July 13 who rendered first aid to Corey incredibly, Dr. Jim Sweetland, Rico Elmore, who was unbelievable. Rico, you were unbelievable. He ran over National Guard. He ran over and grabbed Corey, and Corey was still living. He was doing mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on a man who was really in bad shape like nobody’s ever seen. His family appreciates it, and I do, too. So thank you, Rico, very much. Amazing, amazing.

(01:08:21)
Amazing the people that we have. You learn about them under times like this. That’s when you really learn. So we’re going to be seeing Rico again. Ed Shear, fantastic job. Thank you, Ed. We appreciate it. Thank you, Ed. Thank you. Thank you very much, Ed. Great job. In addition, this evening, we have to send our prayers and support to all the families affected by Hurricane Helene. This has been the worst hurricane response by a president and vice president since Katrina, and this is simply not acceptable.

(01:08:53)
Those people, I was there yesterday with North Carolina and Georgia. I’ll tell you. By the way, the governor of Georgia is doing an excellent job, excellent job. But we have other people that aren’t doing a good job, and we have to have them do a good job. But the federal government is doing a very bad job. They are not doing the job, and we have death and destruction that we haven’t seen maybe ever. It’s a real bad one. They have to get people there because they don’t have people there. They don’t have the people.

(01:09:23)
Kamala wined and dined in San Francisco, and all of the people in North Carolina, no helicopters, no rescue. It’s just what’s happened there is very bad. They’re offering them $750 to people whose homes have been washed away. And yet we send tens of billions of dollars to foreign countries that most people have never heard of. They’re offering them $750. They’ve been destroyed. These people have been destroyed. The one young lady washed … You saw that with her son. I wish I never saw it, but just washed away. Your son was washed away with the grandparents. So sad.

(01:10:05)
They’re giving them $750. Think of it. We give foreign countries hundreds of billions of dollars, and we’re handing North Carolina $750. If you want a president who won’t even try to save you when the floodwaters are rising, vote for Kamala. She’s not the right person. Look, you know what? If they did a good job, I wouldn’t have run, to be honest with you. I didn’t need to do this. I didn’t need to. If I thought they were doing an even modestly good job, I wouldn’t have run.

(01:10:38)
But I saw right from the beginning, grossly incompetent, and I was right about that. I decided to run, and we’re doing really well. I was telling you about polls. We’re way up in some polls. We’re up in other polls. With the swing states, I think most of them have us up in every single swing state, including the great commonwealth of a place called Pennsylvania. Don’t ever not call it a commonwealth because I’ve seen people call it a state, and that’s the end of them. That’s practically the end of their political career.

(01:11:12)
You got to be very careful with Pennsylvania. It’s that commonwealth. I haven’t made that mistake. I don’t want to either. It was not a pretty picture. If you want a president who will stop at nothing to protect you and your family, I hope you’re going to vote for a gentleman named Donald J. Trump. Have you heard of him? Together, we will rebuild western North Carolina, rural Georgia, and every other state that’s been so badly affected. That includes Alabama.

(01:11:43)
Virginia was very hit hard. South Carolina was hit very hard, Florida, so many states, Tennessee was hit really hard. They were all hit, and we’re going to work with them. The next president is going to be the one that really once they get … They got to get this done. But once that happens, the next president is going to be the one that has to really help them. JD will be there to help them. I know that.

(01:12:09)
2024 is the most important election in the history of our country, and here are the facts. My opponent, Kamala Harris, is the most incompetent and far-left nominee ever to run for president. She’s much further left than crazy Bernie Sanders. You know that. She wants to open borders. She took the most secure border in US history and turned it into the worst border in the history of the world. Remember, she was appointed border czar. She says she wasn’t now after three years, but she was. But whether she was or not, she was in charge of the border.

(01:12:45)
The other day I saw her get up and say, “We will do this. We will do that.” Why didn’t they do it four years ago? Why didn’t they do it? The damage is so bad and so … It’s been done. She let in 21 million illegal aliens from all over the world, from prisons and jails and mental institutions and insane asylums. There are terrorists at record levels, at levels we’ve never seen before.

(01:13:09)
She costs you $29,000 a family through inflation price hikes, and now she wants a larger tax hike in … She wants to go to the largest tax hike in American history. There’s never been a tax hike like what she’s proposing. She’s going to raise your taxes a minimum of $3,000. She’s a big taxer, and she was the original creator of Defund the Police. I think for all the sheriffs over here, if you’re a partner in Defund the Police for even two days, you cannot be president.

(01:13:41)
But she was one of the founders of Defund the Police, and she still believes that, by the way. I don’t know how anybody could, but she still believes that. If she ever had a chance, there’s a good possibility she’d go back to it. Can you imagine somebody’s robbing our house? Well, there’s nothing we can do about it. They tried it. You know where they tried it? In Minnesota with our vice president and it wasn’t working out too well. It was working out very well for the robbers and the criminals. That’s the only one it was working out well for.

(01:14:12)
Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She wants mass amnesty and citizenship for illegals. This is maybe the worst thing in the whole … that nobody talks. The fake news won’t mention it. She lost more than 325,000 migrant children that are now dead, in slavery, or just plain missing, probably never to be seen again, never to see their parents again. This is 325,000 have been lost.

(01:14:44)
She praised the idea of a 70% to an 80% tax rate. She imposed a natural gas export ban on Pennsylvania, which is killing your energy workers and your pricing. You have one of the highest energy costs in the country, and yet you’re sitting on top of a massive amount of energy that she doesn’t want to get. It’s been a disaster for your state. Now she’s vowed repeatedly, now all of a sudden, she changed her mind.

(01:15:12)
With politicians, it’s always the first statement that comes out to be the one they want. So she’s spent 14 years knocking fracking. “We’re never going to have fracking. We’re not going to frack.” All of a sudden, a little while ago, she came out, “I love fracking very much.” No, she’ll go back to it. She even endorsed free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. I don’t think Elon likes that idea. These are not ideas that Elon Musk likes too much.

(01:15:41)
It was just announced yesterday in California. He took this one from me. I’m so upset. But think of it, that the far less than average governor, Gavin New scum, has banned any and all ID requirements from voting and registering to vote. You’re not even allowed to mention the fact, Elon. You’re not allowed to mention the fact. You can’t say, “May I see your ID?” If you do, it’s a criminal act. This is a takeover of the country. You’re not allowed to ask for an ID. If you do, it’s a criminal count.

(01:16:17)
Other Democrat states are following. This is only so they can cheat. There’s only one thing that you do this for, so that you can cheat on elections. There’s no other conceivable reason. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist. She is a woman that’s not respected in Congress. She was laughed at at Congress. Nobody thought she could win. They did a coup of Biden, whether you like him or not. I’m not a particularly big fan.

(01:16:45)
But we had a debate, and debate ended. All of a sudden, they come to him and they say, “We want you out. You’re not going to win the election.” He said, “I don’t want to get out.” He got 14 million votes, if you believe in democracy or the system. He got 14 million votes, and she got none. She was the first one out, 22 candidates, and she never made it to Iowa. She quit before Iowa, and now she’s running. That’s okay. But we spent $150 million beating Biden.

(01:17:14)
As soon as he was down and out for the count, they say, “Let’s take him out. We’ll get somebody else to run.” Never happened before. We do a lot of firsts. I will tell you. We do a lot of firsts. But she’s a person that rated even worse in every statistic than any other senator. She was rated at the bottom of the US Senate. She’s destroyed everything she touched, but the good news is that we have a plan to fix it. We’re going to fix it, and we’re going to fix it fast.

(01:17:43)
Nobody is going to stand for open borders. Nobody is going to stand for a bad military. Nobody is going to stand for education that’s not proper. We’re moving education back to the states. You’re going to be running your own … Education is so important. What’s more important than education? But we rank at the bottom of every list. They rank 40 major countries. We’re at the bottom, but we’re top of the list as the cost per pupil.

(01:18:15)
We spend more per pupil, per student, than any other country anywhere in the world. So we’re number one in that, and we’re number 38, 39 or 40 every single time. You have Denmark. You have Sweden. You have Norway. You have China’s always the top five. Can you believe it? China’s the top five. That’s amazing. But we’re going to move our education back to the states, so places like Indiana and Iowa and Idaho and states that you don’t even hear too much of because they’re so good and so well-run, they’re going to run their own education.

(01:18:53)
You know what’s going to come out of that? A Denmark, a Norway, a Sweden. Maybe, I don’t even know, China. Can you imagine? China with 1.4 billion people is a top five and we’re close to 40. We are 40 sometimes. Starting on day one, I will seal the border and stop the migrant invasion into our country. We will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of the United States. Dwight Eisenhower right now has that record.

(01:19:27)
By the way, it’s not something I want to do. I dread having to do it, but we have no choice. What they’ve done to our country is not even believable, especially the criminals, the criminal element that’s in our country. And again, all over the world, crime rates are down because they’ve taken their criminals and they’ve dumped them into the United States. You know what? I would have been worse than them. I would have had it done even faster.

(01:19:50)
They’ve dumped them into the United States of America, and that’s what we have. It’s dangerous out there. We’re getting them out. We’re getting them out quickly. We will defeat inflation, and we will make America affordable again. It’s going to start with liquid gold. We have more liquid gold, oil and gas ,under our feet than any nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia and Russia.

(01:20:14)
We will become energy-independent like we were just four years ago. Four years ago, we were energy independent. Can you believe it? And then we were going to become energy-dominant. We will be dominant within a matter of months, and we will make so much money. We are going to drill, baby, drill. We will again open ANWR. Ronald Reagan tried to do it. Every single president from before Reagan tried to do it, and I got it done.

(01:20:46)
ANWR is the largest drilling site anywhere in the world. It could be larger than Saudi Arabia. It could be larger than Russia. It’s in Alaska. I got it done, and we worked to get it done. One of the first things he did was terminate ANWR, and that was going to take care of all of Asia. That was going to make us so much money. We would have paid off debt. I gave you the biggest tax reduction in history. You would have gotten even a bigger one. You were going to be just very happy. You were going to say, “I like that guy very much.”

(01:21:18)
20 million Americans are behind on their electric bills right now. It was just announced. 20 million Americans, they’re struggling to pay their monthly bills at a record rate. There’s never been anything like it. It’s all because of their anti-US energy regime, which has caused Pennsylvania electricity prices to raise almost 50%. We will cut energy and electricity prices in half within 12 months.

(01:21:43)
We will have your prices, your air conditioning, heating, cars if you buy a Tesla, which is good. Whoo, it’s good. We will have your energy prices cut in half. It’ll be cut in half within a period of one year from January 20th, which is the day we take office. That’s going to save you a lot of money. That’s going to bring down the prices of everything because more than anything else, people tell me about the groceries, the groceries, our groceries.

(01:22:15)
What they’re talking about is food. Everything’s going to be coming down when we do that. We’re also going to get your interest rates way down. We will bring automobile manufacturing back to the United States at levels never seen before, and we will turn the United States into a manufacturing superpower again. It hasn’t been there in many, many years. We had it started four years ago.

(01:22:38)
The centerpiece of my plan for a manufacturing renaissance will be a 15% made-in-America corporate tax rate. In other words, if you make your product in the United States, you get a rate. So I cut it from 39% to 21%. Everyone said that was impossible. I got it done, and we had the best boom we’ve ever had. We did more revenue when we had it at 21 than when it was at 39. Think of it. Much more. The following year we did much more.

(01:23:08)
And then I’m going to take it from 21 to 15, which will make us the most competitive country in the world. Nobody will be able to compete with us. But that 15 rate only goes for those who make their product in America. They have to make their product here, otherwise, they pay 21. We will protect those companies moving into America, and all of our existing companies, with stiff tariffs placed on companies that don’t move in.

(01:23:38)
If they don’t come in, if they don’t want to make their product here, that’s fine, but they’re going to be tariffed. We have to protect our companies, and that’s what we’re going to do. The only way they can get out of paying those tariffs is to build their plants and factories in America. We may even be able to get Elon to build some of them. I think we will. And hire American workers for the job. We’re going to hire American workers for the job.

(01:24:02)
We will pass the Reciprocal Trade Act. If China or any other country charges us 100 or 200% tax, then we will likewise charge them a 100 or 200% tax. We had a lot of problems on that one with the Senate, and we’re going to get that done. Think of it. They charge us, and we don’t charge them. Now, they charge us. We’re going to charge them the same thing, reciprocal. It’s reciprocal.

(01:24:28)
I will not let Mexico, China, or any other country sell cars into the United States to the detriment of our auto workers who will better than they have ever done. We’re going to bring back the car business like it was 50, 60, and 70 years ago. Everyone’s going to want to be back here. I will not approve Japan buying US Steel, 70 years ago, the greatest company anywhere in the world. It was the greatest company anywhere in the world, and now we have Japan buying US Steel. I don’t like that.

(01:25:00)
We will deliver massive tax cuts for workers, and we will have a policy that I think is so great, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security for our great seniors, no tax. When you think of it, our seniors were hurt so badly. Inflation has killed our seniors. They have a fixed income, and it just got worse and worse every week. Every month, it’s gotten worse and worse, and it’s just horrible. They haven’t gone down. They’ve only gone up. Prices have still only gone up.

(01:25:39)
While working Americans catch up, we’re going to put a temporary cap on the credit card interest rates at 10%. People are paying 28% interest, 25% interest. I will always protect Social Security and Medicare with no cuts. We’re not going to do anything with Social Security, but they’re going to destroy Social Security because all of the migrants coming in are going on between Medicare, Social Security, other programs, and nobody is able to afford it.

(01:26:06)
I will settle the war in Ukraine. I will end the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent, I promise you, World War III. We’re not going to have World War III. Right now, we’re very close to having it. We will lead the world in space exploration. Thank you, Elon. We will lead the world in military, and we will reach Mars before the end of my term. Elon promised me he was going to do that. I don’t know. Can you do that? Stand up. Can we do that?

(01:26:37)
I think he’s going to do it. JD, work on him. Work on him. Work on him. JD is working on Elon. No, he told me that we’re going to win, and he’s going to reach Mars by the end of our term, which is a big thing, before China, before anybody.

Donald Trump (01:27:00):

And my money’s on that guy right there. We will rebuild our cities, including Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. And we will keep the US dollar as the world’s reserve currency. It’s losing right now. It’s losing right now. But I’ll be able to do it. Other people won’t. I’ll tell these countries, as they leave us on the… I say, “You want to do business in the United States? You’re going back into the reserve currency. And if you don’t, we’re going to charge you a big, fat, beautiful tax to do business in the United States.” And they’re going to say, “I would love very much to go back into the US reserve currency.” No, we’re going to save it. But these people aren’t going to save it. They don’t know how to talk. They don’t know how to think.

(01:27:43)
Together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, and low inflation, so that everyone can afford groceries, a beautiful car, and a home. Very basic. It’s very basic. We will stop the invasion, end migrant crime, strengthen our military, build a missile defense shield around our country, keep critical race theory and transgender insanity, we’re going to keep it the hell out of our school. We’re going to keep that insanity out of our school. And as I said, we will keep men out of women’s sports. So demeaning to women.

(01:28:28)
You saw that in the Olympics. They have female boxing, women’s boxing, and a young lady from Italy, very good boxer, very, very good. She was all excited. But she played a person who transitioned, person transitioned, a male transitioned to a female, and the young girl from Italy, beautiful young woman, I’m not allowed to say that anymore politically, but I’ll say it, she was a beautiful young woman. If you say that, that’s the end of your career, right? But it’s not. If it is, so be it, okay? We’ve got to get back to real life. But this beautiful young lady is out, and she gets, boom, a little jab, left jab, and she goes back, “Oh my God, I’ve never been hit like that. This is just like a defensive.” Then he goes, the corner said, “You can take her!” So, they push her out. Boom, another one. And she says, “That’s enough, I can’t do it. I can’t take it.” I’ve never seen anything like it. So, we had two people that transitioned. Both people, shockingly, won the gold medal in their division. So, it’s crazy.

Audience (01:29:32):

Boo!

Donald Trump (01:29:32):

And if you look at weightlifting contests, they’re the best of all. For years and years and years ago, they put an eighth of a pound on one side of the barbell, an eighth of a pound on the other. And they can’t do it! And the record’s standing for 18 years, they just can’t do it. And then a guy comes along who never lifted before, and he puts a hundred pounds on, and he goes like this, like it’s nothing. It’s so demeaning to women. We’re not going to allow it to happen. It’s ending. No men playing in women’s sport.

(01:30:06)
And we will defend the Second Amendment, protect religious liberty, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. We need hope. We need the American Dream back, don’t we? We’re going to have the American Dream. We’re going to have the American Dream, so every kid in your family is going to grow up and say, “I want to be like Elon Musk. I want to have $200 billion in cash. I’m going to be like Elon Musk.” Get to it. That’s the American Dream.

(01:30:44)
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris, and we must stop her country-destroying radical left agenda once and for all. We cannot have it happen. So, you must get out and you must vote. Here in this incredible Commonwealth, we stand on the shoulders of generations of Pennsylvania patriots, who gave everything they could give, every single thing, for their rights and for their freedom. Pennsylvania is where our founding fathers declared American independence and sounded the beautiful Liberty Bell. It’s where the Army weathered its brutal winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington led his men on a daring mission across the Delaware. And where generations of top, strong, beautiful miners and steelworkers put Pennsylvania spirit into every single thing they did.

(01:31:40)
And from Gettysburg to Germantown, and Philadelphia to Barren Hill, and from Brandywine to right here in Butler, this is the place where Pennsylvania patriots poured out their blood with the love of their country. They love their country so much. And so, in honor of all those American heroes who came before us, we will press forward, we will push onward, and together we will win, win, win. We’re going to win, win, win. Nothing will sway us, nothing will slow us, and no one will ever stop us. No matter what dangers come our way, no matter what obstacles we must face, we will keep striving toward our magnificent American future. We will not fail, we will not allow ourselves to fail.

(01:32:31)
From this day forward, we will always put America first, and we’ll take back and save the United States. November 5th, election day, will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, with the great people of Pennsylvania, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. God bless you. God bless you, Pennsylvania.

MUSIC (01:33:23):

Young man, there’s no need to feel down.

(01:33:54)
I said young man, pick yourself off the ground. I said young man, ’cause you’re in a new town.

(01:34:02)
There’s no need to be unhappy.

(01:34:02)
Young man, there’s a place you can go.

(01:34:09)
I said young man, when you’re short on your dough.

(01:34:13)
You can stay there, and I’m sure you will find.

(01:34:16)
Many ways to have a good time.

(01:34:16)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:34:25)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:34:25)
They have everything for young men to enjoy.

(01:34:25)
You can hang out with all the boys.

(01:34:25)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:34:25)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:34:26)
You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal.

(01:34:26)
You can do whatever you feel.

(01:34:26)
Young man, are you listening to me?

(01:34:26)
I said young man, what do you want to be?

(01:34:26)
I said young man, you can make real your dreams.

(01:35:06)
But you got to know this one thing.

(01:35:10)
No man does it all by himself.

(01:35:15)
I said young man, put your pride on the shelf. And just go there to the Y.M.C.A.

(01:35:40)
I’m sure they can help you today.

(01:35:40)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:35:40)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:35:40)
They have everything for young men to enjoy.

(01:35:41)
You can hang out with all the boys.

(01:35:41)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:35:41)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:35:41)
You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal.

(01:35:41)
You can do whatever you feel.

(01:35:41)
Young man, I was once in your shoes.

(01:36:02)
I said I was down and out with the blues.

(01:36:02)
I felt no man cared if I was alive.

(01:36:02)
I felt the whole world was so jive.

(01:36:02)
That’s when someone came up to me.

(01:36:02)
And said, “Young man, take a walk up the street.”

(01:36:02)
“It’s a place there called the Y.M.C.A.”

(01:36:02)
“They can start you back on your way.”

(01:36:02)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:36:02)
It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:36:02)
They have everything for young men to enjoy.

(01:36:02)
You can hang out with all the boys.

(01:36:02)
Y.M.C.A., it’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:36:02)
Young man, young man, there’s no need to feel down.

(01:36:02)
Young man, young man, get yourself off the ground.

(01:36:02)
Y.M.C.A., it’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:36:02)
Young man, young man, are you listening to me?

(01:36:02)
Young man, young man, what do you want to be?

(01:36:02)
Y.M.C.A., you’ll find it at the Y.M.C.A.

(01:36:02)
No man, no man does it all by himself.

(01:36:02)
Young man, young man, put your pride on the shelf.

(01:36:02)
Y.M.C.A., and just go to the Y.M.C.A.

(01:40:10)
Young man, young man, I was once in your shoes.

(01:40:10)
Young man, young man, I was down with the blues.

Christopher Macchio (01:40:10):

Hello!

MUSIC (01:40:10):

[Italian 01:38:20].

(01:40:10)
[Italian 01:40:11].

(01:40:10)
[Italian 01:40:11].

Christopher Macchio (01:40:10):

Ladies and gentlemen, the next president of the United States!

MUSIC (01:41:27):

[Italian 01:40:45].

(01:41:27)
Heard there was a secret chord.

(01:41:27)
That David played, and it pleased the Lord.

(01:41:27)
But you don’t really care for music, do ya?

(01:41:37)
Goes like this, the fourth, the fifth.

(01:41:39)
The minor fall, the major lift.

(01:42:05)
The baffled king composing Hallelujah.

(01:42:05)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:42:05)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:42:16)
Your faith was strong, but you needed proof.

(01:42:20)
You saw her bathing on the roof.

(01:42:24)
Her beauty and the moonlight overthrew you.

(01:42:47)
She tied you to a kitchen chair.

(01:42:47)
She broke your throne, and she cut your hair.

(01:42:47)
And from your lips she drew the Hallelujah.

(01:42:47)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:42:47)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah. Baby, I’ve been here before.

(01:43:19)
I’ve seen this room, I’ve walked this floor.

(01:43:27)
I used to live alone before I knew ya.

(01:43:28)
I’ve seen your flag on the marble arch.

(01:43:40)
And love is not a victory march.

(01:43:40)
It’s a cold and it’s a broken Hallelujah.

(01:43:40)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:43:40)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:43:40)
I did my best, but it wasn’t much.

(01:43:40)
I couldn’t feel, so I tried to touch.

(01:43:40)
I’ve told the truth, I didn’t come to fool ya.

(01:44:47)
And even though it all went wrong.

(01:44:47)
I’ll stand before the lord of song.

(01:44:47)
With nothing on my tongue but Hallelujah.

(01:44:47)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:44:47)
Hallelujah, Hallelu.

(01:47:24)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

(01:47:24)
Hallelujah, Hallelujah.

Christopher Macchio (01:47:24):

Thank you.

Donald Trump (01:47:24):

Christopher, did you want [inaudible 01:46:08]?

Christopher Macchio (01:47:24):

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump (01:47:24):

[inaudible 01:46:14].

Audience (01:47:24):

USA! USA! USA!

Christopher Macchio (01:47:24):

USA! USA!

Audience (01:47:24):

USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!

MUSIC (01:49:18):

O beautiful for spacious skies.

(01:49:18)
For amber waves of grain.

(01:49:18)
For purple mountains majesty.

(01:49:18)
Above the fruited plain!

(01:49:18)
America! America!

(01:49:18)
God shed His grace on thee.

(01:49:18)
And crown thy good with brotherhood.

(01:49:18)
From sea to shining sea!

(01:49:18)
O beautiful for patriot dreams.

(01:49:18)
That see beyond the years.

(01:49:18)
Thine alabaster cities gleam.

(01:49:18)
Undimmed by human tears!

(01:49:18)
America! America!

(01:49:18)
God shed His grace on thee.

(01:49:18)
And crown thy good in brotherhood.

(01:49:18)
From sea to shining sea!

(01:49:18)
America! America! America!

(01:49:18)
O Lord my God, when I in awesome wonder.

(01:49:18)
Consider all the worlds thy hands have made.

(01:49:18)
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder.

(01:49:22)
Thy power throughout the universe displayed.

(01:49:28)
Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee.

(01:49:29)
How great thou art.

(01:49:29)
How great thou art.

(01:49:29)
Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee.

(01:49:29)
How great thou art.

(01:49:29)
How great thou art.

Christopher Macchio (01:49:30):

Okay, you all know this one. Here we go. You’re all joining in with me, here we go.

MUSIC (01:49:30):

God bless America, land that I love.

(01:49:30)
Stand beside her and guide her.

(01:49:30)
Through the night with the light from above.

(01:49:30)
From the mountains to the prairies.

(01:49:30)
To the oceans white with foam.

(01:49:30)
God bless America, my home sweet home.

(01:49:30)
God bless America, my home sweet home.

(01:49:30)
God bless America, land that I love.

(01:49:30)
Stand beside her and guide her.

(01:49:30)
Through the night with the light from above.

(01:49:30)
From the mountains to the prairies.

(01:49:30)
To the oceans white with foam.

(01:49:30)
God bless America, my home sweet home.

(01:49:30)
God bless America, my home sweet home.

Christopher Macchio (01:52:53):

Let’s hear it one more time for the 47th president of the United States, Donald J. Trump!

MUSIC (01:53:01):

Gloria, you’re always on the run now.

(01:53:15)
Running after somebody, you gotta get him somehow.

(01:53:36)
I think you’ve got to slow down.

(01:53:38)
Before you start to blow it.

(01:53:38)
I think you’re headed for a breakdown.

(01:53:38)
So be careful not to show it.

(01:53:38)
You really don’t remember, was it something that he said?

(01:53:38)
Are the voices in your head calling, Gloria?

(01:53:38)
Gloria, don’t you think you’re fallin’?

(01:53:38)
If everybody wants you, why isn’t anybody callin’?

(01:53:38)
You don’t have to answer.

(01:53:38)
Leave them hangin’ on the line, oh oh oh, calling…